The clean architecture is a way of separating responsibilities and parts of
functionality according to their proximity to the application domain.

The Clean Architecture is often referred to as a three-layer architecture, 
because the functionality in it is divided into layers.

Domain Layer: it is the entities and data that describe the subject area of the
application as well as code to transform that data. the domain is the core 
that differentiates one application from another.
The data structure of domain entities and the essence of their 
transformations are independent from the outer world. 
External events trigger domain transformations, 
but do not determine how they will occur.


Application Layer:
Around the domain is the application layer. 
This layer describes use cases, i.e. user scenarios. 
They are responsible for what happens after some event occurs.

For example, the “Add to cart” scenario is a use case. 
It describes the actions that are should be taken after the button is clicked.
It's the kind of “orchestrator” that says:

go to the server, send a request;
now perform this a domain transformation;
now redraw the UI using the response data.

Also, in the application layer there are ports—the specifications of how 
our application wants the outside world to communicate with it. 
Usually a port is an interface, a behavior contract.


Adapters Layer
The outermost layer contains the adapters to external services. 
Adapters are needed to turn incompatible APIs of external services 
into those compatible with our application's wishes.
Adapters are a great way to lower the coupling between our code and the 
code of third-party services. 
Low coupling reduces needs to change one module when others are changed.

Adapters are often divided into:
driving—which send signals to our application;
driven—which receive the signals from our application.
The user interacts most often with driving adapters. 
For example, the UI framework's handling of a button click is the work of a 
driving adapter. 
It works with the browser API (basically a third-party service) and 
converts the event into a signal that our application can understand.

Driven adapters interact with the infrastructure. 
In the frontend, most of the infrastructure is the backend server, 
but sometimes we may interact with some other services directly, 
such as a search engine.


Dependency Rule:
Only the outer layers can depend on the inner layers. this means that
1. The domain is independent.
2. the app layer can only depend on the domain.
3. the adapter can depend on anything.


It is important to strike a balance especially in frontend apps where code
is usually bundled and more code means more wait time and that doesn't do
us any favours. You can reduce the amount of time and code by cutting corners 
and sacrificing the “cleanliness” of the architecture. 
if it's more pragmatic (e.g. benefits will be higher than potential costs) 
to break a rule, then break it. But two things are important to note.

1. Extract Domain: The extracted domain helps to understand what we 
are designing in general and how it should work.
2. Obey Depedency rule: The idea here is to mind the direction of the
dependency. external services should be moulded to fit our product 
requirements,not the other way around.